README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/ormm/badge/?version=stable
    :target: https://ormm.readthedocs.io/en/stable/?badge=stable
    :alt: Documentation Status
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/com/egbuck/ormm/master?logo=travis
    :target: https://travis-ci.com/egbuck/ormm
.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/egbuck/ormm/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
    :target: https://codecov.io/gh/egbuck/ormm

ORMM
====

Operations Research Models & Methods (ORMM) is inspired by Paul A. Jensen's Excel Add-ins.
His Excel packages were last updated in 2011, and while I believe they do still work
(for the most part), his work may become outdated in a couple of ways:

- Excel is not as commonly used for OR, except in settings where security is of the
  utmost concern and/or modern languages like Python, R, Julia, C, C++, MATLAB, AMPL,
  or other modeling software are not available.
- From what I understand, Microsoft has been trying to phase out VBA and move to Javascript.
  If this happens, this could significantly impact whether or not his packages will work.
- While his website and packages are still available
  `here <https://www.me.utexas.edu/~jensen/ORMM/>`_, some sections are/may become unusable.
  The animations rely on Flash, which is being phased out in google chrome and other web
  browsers.

This python package aims to accomplish some of the same goals as Paul Jensen's website and
add-ins did, mainly to

1. Be an educational tool that shows how abstract models (linear programs, integer programs,
   nonlinear programs, etc.) can be applied to real-life scenarios to solve complex problems.
2. Help the practitioner by providing modeling frameworks, methods for solving these models,
   and problem classes so a user can more easily see how they may be able to frame
   their business problem/objective through the lens of Operations Research.

This repository contains subpackages for grouping the different types of OR Models & Methods.
Currently this subpackage list includes

1. `mathprog`: A subpackage for mathematical programs, including linear programs, mixed
   integer linear programs, nonlinear programs, and stochastic programs.  Note for this
   subpackage that models and methods are not necessarily implemented in their abstract
   form, like Paul Jensen did - there are many python libraries that accomplish this task
   far better than I could (Pyomo, PuLP, GLPK to name a few).  Thus, this subpackage here
   is dedicated to providing many problem classes, which show how these can be applied
   to real-life problems and provide an abstract/concrete model for that particular
   class of problems.  Note that the abstract models can be built upon based on a
   unique business problem that may have more or fewer constraints, or a more complex
   objective to maximize/minimize.

Installation
------------
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/ormm.svg
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/ormm/
.. image:: https://pepy.tech/badge/ormm
    :target: https://pepy.tech/project/ormm

.. code:: console

   $ pip install ormm

Usage
-----
The `mathprog` subpackage currently has 6 problem classes, as well as functions for
printing the solution of a solved concrete model and for returning a pandas dataframe
containing information for sensitivity analysis.  The problem classes are

- Resource Allocation: Optimize using scarce resources for valued activities.
- Blending Problem: Optimize the mixing of ingredients to satisfy requirements
  while minimizing cost.
- Employee Scheduling: Minimize the number of workers hired while meeting
  the minimum number of workers required for each period.
- Rental Scheduling:  Minimize the cost of the plans purchased (which rent
  units for different amounts of time) while satisfying the number of units
  needed for each period.
- Aggregate Planning: Minimize the production and holding costs while
  meeting the demand for each period.
- Transportation: Minimize the shipping costs from source to destination
  nodes while meeting the demand at each destination node.  Only a certain
  number of units are available at each source node (the supply).

For more details on optional parameters, usage, and the problem descriptions, see the
`documentation <https://ormm.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_.

Developer Environment
---------------------

To use the same packages used in development (for creating additions / modifications),
you may use the bash command below to install the dev requirements \
(recommended to do this in your virtualenv).  This includes being able to run tests
and add to the documentation.

.. code:: console

   $ pip install -e .[dev]

Commit message:

Changing README - Adding Markov - Want to change "Capabilities" Section   - Should be a use case example

README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/ormm/badge/?version=stable
    :target: https://ormm.readthedocs.io/en/stable/?badge=stable
    :alt: Documentation Status
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/com/egbuck/ormm/master?logo=travis
    :target: https://travis-ci.com/egbuck/ormm
.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/egbuck/ormm/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
    :target: https://codecov.io/gh/egbuck/ormm

ORMM
====

Operations Research Models & Methods (ORMM) is inspired by Paul A. Jensen's Excel Add-ins.
His Excel packages were last updated in 2011, and while I believe they do still work
(for the most part), his work may become outdated in a couple of ways:

- Excel is not as commonly used for OR, except in settings where security is of the
  utmost concern and/or modern languages like Python, R, Julia, C, C++, MATLAB, AMPL,
  or other modeling software are not available.
- From what I understand, Microsoft has been trying to phase out VBA and move to Javascript.
  If this happens, this could significantly impact whether or not his packages will work.
- While his website and packages are still available
  `here <https://www.me.utexas.edu/~jensen/ORMM/>`_, some sections are/may become unusable.
  The animations rely on Flash, which is being phased out in google chrome and other web
  browsers.

This python package aims to accomplish some of the same goals as Paul Jensen's website and
add-ins did, mainly to

1. Be an educational tool that shows how abstract models (linear programs, integer programs,
   nonlinear programs, etc.) can be applied to real-life scenarios to solve complex problems.
2. Help the practitioner by providing modeling frameworks, methods for solving these models,
   and problem classes so a user can more easily see how they may be able to frame
   their business problem/objective through the lens of Operations Research.

This repository contains subpackages for grouping the different types of OR Models & Methods.
Currently this subpackage list includes

1. `mathprog`: A subpackage for mathematical programs, including linear programs, mixed
   integer linear programs, nonlinear programs, and stochastic programs.  Note for this
   subpackage that models and methods are not necessarily implemented in their abstract
   form, like Paul Jensen did - there are many python libraries that accomplish this task
   far better than I could (Pyomo, PuLP, GLPK to name a few).  Thus, this subpackage here
   is dedicated to providing many problem classes, which show how these can be applied
   to real-life problems and provide an abstract/concrete model for that particular
   class of problems.  Note that the abstract models can be built upon based on a
   unique business problem that may have more or fewer constraints, or a more complex
   objective to maximize/minimize.
2. `markov`: A subpackage for discrete state markov analysis.  Currently this only
   has implementations for discrete time markov processes, but continous time will
   be added in the near future.  This includes the main function `markov_analysis`,
   which returns a dictionary of the results, as well as a `print_markov` function.
   The main method requires a transition matrix, but can then run simulations,
   analyze steady state and transient probabilities, and run cost analyses if
   additional arguments are passed.

Installation
------------
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/ormm.svg
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/ormm/
.. image:: https://pepy.tech/badge/ormm
    :target: https://pepy.tech/project/ormm

.. code:: console

   $ pip install ormm

Capabilities
------------
The `mathprog` subpackage has multiple problem classes, as well as functions for
printing the solution of a solved concrete model and for returning a pandas dataframe
containing information for sensitivity analysis.  Some of the problem classes are

- Resource Allocation: Optimize using scarce resources for valued activities.
- Blending Problem: Optimize the mixing of ingredients to satisfy requirements
  while minimizing cost.
- Employee Scheduling: Minimize the number of workers hired while meeting
  the minimum number of workers required for each period.
- Rental Scheduling:  Minimize the cost of the plans purchased (which rent
  units for different amounts of time) while satisfying the number of units
  needed for each period.
- Aggregate Planning: Minimize the production and holding costs while
  meeting the demand for each period.
- Transportation: Minimize the shipping costs from source to destination
  nodes while meeting the demand at each destination node.  Only a certain
  number of units are available at each source node (the supply).

For more details on optional parameters, usage, and the problem descriptions, see the
`documentation <https://ormm.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_.

Developer Environment
---------------------
To use the same packages used in development (for creating additions / modifications),
you may use the bash command below to install the dev requirements \
(recommended to do this in your virtualenv).  This includes being able to run tests
and add to the documentation.

.. code:: console

   $ pip install -e .[dev]
